---
title: New £2.13m partnership to help 600 families
layout: post
published: true
thumbnail-image: /img/placeholder.jpg
date: '2016-09-19 12:15 +0000'
---

[Voluntary Action LeicesterShire](http://www.valonline.org.uk) pleased to announce that £2.13m has been secured to launch the [GREAT Project](http://www.greatproject.org.uk).

The new service will see a partnership between for-profit companies, charities and statutory services help 600 families who are not currently in work move toward training or employment. The project will focus on families who are the farthest from the labour market and face barriers to moving into employment.

### Every family is unique

Unlike many traditional services, The Great Project will offer families a dedicated support worker to help them access services from across multiple sectors. VAL Children and Young People’s Team Officer Heather Roythorne-Finch explained the project’s approach saying: 

<blockquote><p>Every family struggling to access the labour market has its own story. Some may have lost confidence, others may be struggling with childcare. At the Great Project, we’ll assess each participant as an individual.</p><p>They’ll then work with a dedicated support worker to access services from our for-profit, not-for-profit and statutory partners to ensure that the family gets what they need to move toward training or employment.</p></blockquote>

#### New partners for new support

Support on offer will range from personal development courses to vocational training. Services will be available from the Great Project’s seven delivery partners: Leicestershire County Council Work Clubs, Personal Development Point, Pop Up Nurseries, VTEC (Vocational Training Enterprise Centre), LCPT, Business in the Community and the Fit for Work Team.

The project will also benefit from its strategic partnership with Leicestershire County Council's Supporting Leicestershire Families service, Leicester City Council's Early Help service and the department for work and pensions.

The Great Project will launch in December. 

### Our funders

The project has received up to £2.13m of funding from the Big Lottery Fund and the European Social Fund as part of the 2014-2020 European Structural and Investment Funds Growth Programme in England. The Department for Work and Pensions is the Managing Authority for the England European Social Fund programme.

Established by the European Union, the European Social Fund helps local areas stimulate their economic development by investing in projects which will support skills development, employment and job creation, social inclusion and local community regenerations. For more information visit [https://www.gov.uk/european-growth-funding](https://www.gov.uk/european-growth-funding).

The Big Lottery Fund is the largest funder of community activity in the UK. It puts people in the lead to improve their lives and communities, often through small, local projects.

It is responsible for giving out 40% of the money raised by National Lottery players for good causes. Every year it invests over £650 million and awards around 12,000 grants across the UK for health, education, environment and charitable purposes.

Since June 2004 it has awarded over £8 billion to projects that change the lives of millions of people.